== Welcome to Vehicle Details Services

VDS is an on-site detailing service provider. The service allows the user to
have thier vehicle washed and/or detailed at their company's parking lot (site).
This pattern splits the service provider personnel (Site Managers) into multiple
sites at any given day. Once the detailing services are completed, the user is
notified via email/text and the vehicle is locked.


== Getting Started

On any given day, a site can have multiple site managers, but is always assigned
at least one site manager. Also, a site manager who completes his/her assigned
site early may be assigned to another site to assist its site manager and that
site may have multiple site managers assigned to it.

A site is typically assigned in a particular area of the parking lot, so its
mappable location should be in longitude and latitude instead of just an
address. A site is typically associated with one company, however some companies
share a site. Thus, the user must associated with a company as well as a site.
Other associations include vehicles, addresses, contact info. Most sites are not
serviced every day of the week. Typically, they are assigned every two weeks.
Thus users are encouraged to rsvp a detailing service by midnight before the
site is schedule. However, late drop offs must be accommodated as well.


== Items/Funcitonality ToDoS

  |-- implement services
      |-- service plans
      |-- discounts
      |-- specials
      |-- refund
      `-- comp service... it happens :(
  |-- allow selected services to be applied at drop off by
      |-- user
      `-- site manager
          `-- add vehicle for un-rvsp user
  |-- end of day completion by site manager
      |-- site manager to process appointment
          `-- apply services rendered
              |-- service plan
              |-- discounts
              `-- specials
      |-- finalize user payment system
          `-- create account
              |-- by credit card
              |-- by apple pay
              `-- by google pay
      `-- notify user via
          |-- email
          `-- text
  `-- admin-only functionality
      `-- apply unhappy services
          |-- comp
          `-- refund

